Under this course of study, the Trincomalee campus offers two degree programmes. They are;
1. Bachelor of Arts in Communication Studies
2. Bachelor of Arts in Languages

Students admitted to a three year degree programme may proceed to fourth year if they so desire
and satisfy the requirements of the university. In the fourth year, students will be offered extra
modules of courses relevant to the areas of specialization as determined by the Faculty and
Senate of the University.

Selection criteria for this course ofstudy are very flexible. That is, any student who have satisfied
the minimum requirements for university admission [minimum of Ordinary Passes (S) in three
subjects and 30% or more for the Common General Paper] at the G.C.E. (Advanced Level)
Examination are eligible but one of the three subjects must have a Credit Pass (C) in Sinhala,
Tamil or English.

However, because the medium of instructions of this course of study is English, to be eligible,
the student also must have obtained at least a Credit Pass (C) in English at the G.C.E. (Ordinary
Level) Examination.

Candidates are required to submit the duly certified copy of the original G.C.E. (Ordinary Level)
Examination certificate confirming the above grades along with the application for university
admission. Failure to submit it will result in rejection of the application for the course of study
in Communication Studies.

The Trincomalee Campus will decide the maximum number of students allocated to one degree
programme in accordance with the criteria determined by the campus.